Moebius this, Moebius that.
Personally, I'd prefer it
if you kept our name
outta your mouths.
(electric guitar music)
You middle school cretins.
Holy crap, you're Osanai.
You see, I heard you
fellas were gonna try
and pick a fight with us.
(fingers snapping)
(Takemichi gasping)
So I thought we'd generously
bring the fight to you.
-Look at these punks.
-This isn't
-gonna take very long.
-They're all so puny.
This is war.
(heavy rock music)
(Moebius members yelling)
Get up, Pah.
Come on, man.
We came all this
way just to see you.
You and your bratty
kids, Mikey babe.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Oh shit.
(dramatic music)
The battle between
Toman and Moebius.
It's about to start.
(opening theme music)
-Cavalry's here.
-Have fun.
-Let's do this.
-Look what the cat
-dragged in.
-All right.
You had to bring all these guys
to fight some
middle school kids?
The great Osanai's just
another piece of shit.
As expected.
Huh?
Couldn't quite hear you
there, you tiny flea.
(Moebius members laughing)
Damn.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
As expected?
This Osanai is nothing
like the guy I met.
The guy 12 years in the
future and the guy here now?
Are they seriously
the same person?
How the hell do you
end up like that?
Hey.
Who the hell do you
think you're eyeballing,
you scrawny little loser?
Uh.
I...
-(Takemichi grunting)
-You just looked at me
like you were superior
to me, didn't you?
(Osanai grunting)
Those eyes are the
kind I hate the most.
Huh?
Yeah.
You're gonna have to deal with
me first, you horse's ass.
(Takemichi grunting)
Don't do it, Pah.
Don't fight Moebius.
(Takemichi grunting)
Stay out of this, punk.
-(dramatic music)
-(Takemichi grunting)
Have a little more
faith in him, Hanagaki.
Pah's one of the best pure
fighters we've got in Toman.
He doesn't care who
he's up against.
He'll go at them, fists ablaze,
and take down a whole
crew on his own.
He'd never lose to
a clown like Osanai.
That isn't the real issue.
Not right now.
[Takemichi Voiceover] If
this battle isn't stopped,
Draken's gonna die.
And that means Akkun
and Hina will too.
(Takemichi grunting)
[Takemichi] I have to stop them.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Dammit.
Takemichi.
Just sit back and watch.
This is Pah's fight alone.
(Pah yelling)
(Osanai laughing)
(both grunting)
What's wrong?
-(feet tapping)
-(dramatic music)
What a dumbass.
I guess you think you're
a boxer or something.
(Pah spitting)
(both grunting)
(Takemichi gasping)
Oh shit.
That was a killer blow.
(Pah grunting)
You call that a punch?
You couldn't even
squash an ant like that.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Shit,
is he even conscious anymore?
No way.
He's a monster.
Osanai.
Pah, I'm coming.
Peh.
Didn't I tell you all
to sit back and watch?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Just sit back and watch?
That's way too cruel, Mikey.
Look at his nose.
It's broken to bits, and
he's barely even conscious.
Pah is done for, Mikey.
He's gonna die.
Just tell him to stop.
Why should I?
He hasn't given up yet.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
How can he be smiling?
(Pah grunting)
[Takemichi] This
is sadistic, Mikey.
It's just torture now.
(both grunting)
Ugh, well, that is just gross.
(Pah grunting)
Huh?
Hey, check it out.
This asshat's passed
out on his feet.
(Moebius members laughing)
-(Pah moaning)
-(somber music)
(Takemichi gasping)
Huh?
(Pah moaning)
[Pah] I'm sorry I lost.
I'm so worthless.
What are you talking about, Pah?
It's okay.
You didn't lose.
What?
What are you, insane?
How the hell do you
figure he didn't lose?
You've gotta be shitting me.
What are you, blind?
Hey, Mikey, better get
started begging for mercy.
-Not that it's gonna help.
-Get on your knees
-and start begging, dude.
-Hope y'all
-don't piss yourselves.
-Better get ready
for your spanking,
you wittle wussy baby.
[Moebius Gang Member]
Wish you were home
with your mommy now, don't ya?
Huh?
Now what?
Your turn?
[Takemichi Voiceover] No way.
Does Mikey really
think he can...
Okay, I'll have you
laid out in 10 sec-
(foot thudding)
(ground thudding)
(Moebius members gasping)
Huh?
-(Moebius members gasping)
-(Takemichi gasping)
Okay.
Any of you who thought Pah
lost, come on out here.
I'll murder you all.
-(Moebius members gasping)
-(rock music)
Toman belongs to me.
As long as I have its back,
none of us are ever gonna lose.
(triumphant music)
My bad, Kenny.
I couldn't resist.
(Draken sighing)
(Draken chuckling)
[Draken] What am I gonna
do with you, Mikey?
(Osanai grunting)
(Osanai screaming)
[Takemichi] Osanai!
Look out, Mikey.
No, Draken.
(Osanai screaming)
Osanai!
(rock music)
(blood squelching)
(Osanai gasping)
Osanai.
I'll tell you why you lost
your fight here today.
(Osanai gagging)
Because you left the
true delinquent's path.
(bottle shattering)
We know you raped a girl
and attacked her parents.
You're nothing but
a piece of shit.
And listen up.
The rest of you do
anything else messed up,
and I guarantee we'll find you
and kill you all ourselves.
These guys don't mess around.
Are they seriously
younger than we are?
Your leader is toast because
Mikey kicked his ass!
Any of you got a
problem with that?
(triumphant music)
Well, in that case,
control of Moebius
will now belong to
the Tokyo Manji Gang.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Holy shit.
They actually won.
So, this must be how
Toman got bigger.
-(sirens wailing)
-The cops?
The cops?
Oh shit.
Crap, the police.
Think they're coming
here to congratulate us?
(Mikey laughing)
[Mikey] Time to
scram, Takemichi.
Yeah, right.
How are you guys so
casual about this?
-Hey, Moebius.
-Huh?
Don't you dare run off
and just save yourselves.
Get over here and
help Osanai get away.
[Moebius Members] Huh?
All right.
(Takemichi panting)
The battle that day
was just the trigger.
[Takemichi Voiceover] I
remember what Osanai said,
but things ended
pretty peacefully.
Does that mean
it's not over yet?
(dramatic music)
Am I missing something?
Something else that
could be the trigger?
-(Pah grunting)
-(Osanai groaning)
(Draken gasping)
[Pah] I'm not about to let
you get off that easy, Osanai.
Huh?
What the hell did you do, Pah?
(sirens wailing)
(gang members muttering)
(Mikey gasping)
Pah.
Oh man.
Oh dude.
Why the hell did
you bring a knife?
Huh?
Is he dead?
[Draken] Osanai.
Osanai!
No.
Osanai.
Holy shit.
The dude just
freaking stabbed him.
(sirens wailing)
[Frantic Moebius
Member] It's the cops.
-(Pah grunting)
-(gang members yelling)
(sirens wailing)
Pah, let's go.
I'm sorry, Mikey.
(Peh gasping)
Peh, my friend, you look
after the 3rd Squad.
I'll go with the cops.
(both gasping)
The hell you will, Pah!
[Draken] We need to get
out of here now, Mikey.
Pah.
Come with us.
Move it, Mikey, or
we'll all get caught.
[Mikey] Pah!
-(sirens wailing)
-(somber music)
(all panting)
Dammit.
How the hell'd this happen?
(Takemichi panting)
[Takemichi Voiceover] Shit.
I think I'm gonna pass out.
(Mikey gasping)
[Mikey] Takemichi.
(police chattering)
(insects chirping)
[Takemichi] Where, where am I?
(Takemichi groaning)
Hm?
You creep.
(Takemichi screeching)
Emma.
No, no.
My hand wasn't under my control.
Huh?
Wait, am I in the hospital?
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Oh, that's right.
I remember now.
I passed out.
Wait, Mikey and the
other guys, they okay?
Draken called and
told me to come.
I went and found you.
Where is he now?
(Emma sobbing)
Draken got into a
fight with Mikey.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
So does that mean?
Wait, what was the fight about?
I don't know.
Things just kept escalating.
But it ended up with
Toman getting divided
between Mikey's
side and Draken's.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Oh, don't tell me.
They were all blaming each
other for Pah getting caught.
And then they started fighting.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Toman's internal conflict.
That fight made
everything turn out
exactly like Osanai
said it would.
Why did I have to go and faint?
(Emma sobbing)
[Takemichi] Emma, don't cry.
[Emma] Draken's
gonna be okay, right?
I don't even know
what's going on anymore.
Are you okay?
What's wrong?
(Emma sobbing)
Oh no, stop.
That's gross.
How dare you.
Huh?
(Takemichi yells)
No, no, no. It's not
what it looks like, Hina.
I swear.
-(Hina grunting)
-(Takemichi yelping)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
It's already August 1st.
Toman's been split in two.
It looks like there really
will be an internal conflict
just like Osanai said.
And on August 3rd,
Draken's gonna die.
And here I am, hurt
and stuck convalescing.
All done.
I got so bored that I
finished a 2,500-piece puzzle.
What a worthless sense
of accomplishment.
Hm?
What the hell?
You're out of the
hospital so soon?
Now how am I gonna hit
on all the hot nurses?
[Akkun] What are you doing
up and dressed anyway?
Aren't you supposed to still
be flat on your back in bed?
-Yeah.
-Where's your porn stash?
But I feel okay.
So, did you guys find anything
out about Mikey or Draken?
Oh, yeah, we did.
[Takemichi] Damn.
So things are that bad?
Huh?
What the hell's this?
Wow, this jigsaw
puzzle's insane, dude.
Hey, I don't think this piece
here is in the right place.
(Takemichi yelling)
Hands off.
It took me three whole days
to finish that, you moron.
You must've been super-bored.
So what else could I do?
I got ordered to
stay in bed for days.
-Takemichi.
-Hm?
Things have gotten really
bad between Mikey and Draken.
Just how bad?
So bad their
friendship is finished.
[Takuya] They're saying it's
only a matter of time now
before Toman splits up.
Damn.
I knew it.
(all laughing)
Hm?
Huh?
What?
Sorry. Just kidding.
Huh?
It's true that
they've been fighting,
but apparently that
happens all the time.
You dumbasses.
As if Draken and Mikey
would ever let anything
come between them.
What the hell's
going on in here?
Who are you dumb twerps
namedropping now?
Um...
[Akkun, Makoto, And
Kazushi] It's Draken.
Huh?
Ha.
I wanted to see how
you're doing, Takemichi.
Damn, it's hot and
smelly in here.
Guess that's what happens
when there's a bunch
of dudes in one room.
Well, what are you all
just standing there for?
I brought us a watermelon.
So let's eat.
[All] Yes, sir.
Pah's in the slammer.
Gonna be in there
for a year at least.
Yeah?
And what happened with Osanai?
He lived.
If he had died, Pah
would've gotten 10 years.
And how's Mikey doing?
(table slamming)
Don't even say that
asshole's name to me.
(Takemichi screaming)
Oh, sorry.
72 hours of work just
went down the drain.
What the hell, huh?
I apologized, didn't I?
Right, sorry, Draken.
Working on this for three
days straight without sleep
put me on edge, I guess.
-Well anyway.
-Huh?
I'm through working
with Mikey for good now.
[Takemichi] Huh?
And Toman is finished.
What? What are you
talking about?
That can't be.
You're kidding, right?
[Draken] Sorry
for bothering you.
[Takemichi] Hey.
Hey, wait a sec.
Draken, stop.
I can't believe Toman's
splitting in two.
Sounds like it's true.
[Takuya] Yeah.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Oh shit,
they really are going to fight.
I have to stop this.
What do you mean
Toman's finished?
Tell me what's going on.
Hey.
Huh?
What are you doing
hanging around here?
What?
The real question is why the
hell would you be showing up?
Whoa.
Hey, Mikey.
Oh shit, oh shit.
This is looking bad.
Mikey and Draken
both look pissed.
This is the worst
possible timing.
Shit's about to go down now.
I came over to see how
Takemichi was doing.
Yeah, well I got here first.
Why?
Takemichi here's my friend.
Who asked you to butt in?
Right, Takemichi?
Huh?
I don't...
What are you talking about?
He's always been friend.
Isn't that right?
Out of my damn way, beanpole.
Let me by.
Ha. You get out of my
way, you little shrimp.
Stop.
Stop this.
Quit acting like you're
a couple of dumb punks.
[Draken And Mikey] Huh?
Is he actually
trying to stop 'em?
-Eek.
-Does he have a death wish?
The dude just got
out of the hospital.
I don't know what happened
to start this between you,
but this is stupid.
Both of you need to
just chill out now.
Whoa.
Just who the hell do
you think you are?
[Takemichi Voiceover] Oh shit.
Why did I think I could
actually stop these two
from fighting?
(Takemichi whimpering)
[Draken And Takemichi] Huh?
[Takemichi Voiceover] Wait.
Maybe Mikey took
the hint after all.
(Takemichi gasping)
Hey, Mikey, that's
my precious Hayate.
So be careful, would ya?
(bike crashing)
(Takemichi screaming)
My childhood memories destroyed.
Oh yeah?
It's like that?
Draken, don't.
That's the golden bat I used
to hit my very first
home run in fourth grade.
So, you want to dance,
then we'll dance.
(Takemichi squealing)
[Takemichi] Stop, Mikey.
That's from when I went to
the festival with my dad.
No, Draken, no.
I saved up forever to
buy that skateboard.
-(Mikey and Draken grunting)
-(rock music)
You wanna settle this
thing right here and now?
Fine with me.
Bring it on.
(rock music)
You two assholes.
Time to cut the shit.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)